Clean up links to docs website (#177792)
flutter/flutter: docs/platforms/desktop/macos/Developing-with-Flutter-on-Apple-Silicon.md

You can use Apple Silicon-based Mac devices as a developer workstation (host) for building Flutter apps. While some tools still use Rosetta, Apple Silicon-based Macs are fully supported as a host.

> As we build more Apple Silicon support into the tooling, and depending on your tolerance for risk, [you may want to experiment with the `beta` channel](https://docs.flutter.dev/development/tools/sdk/upgrading#switching-flutter-channels). (This was previously also available on the dev channel, but [it has been retired](https://medium.com/flutter/whats-new-in-flutter-2-8-d085b763d181#34c4).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we build more Apple Silicon support into the tooling, and depending on your tolerance for risk, [you may want to experiment with the `beta` channel](https://docs.flutter.dev/install/upgrade#switching-flutter-channels). (This was previously also available on the dev channel, but [it has been retired](https://blog.flutter.dev/whats-new-in-flutter-2-8-d085b763d181#34c4).)
```
